PREVIOUSLY ON YU-GI-OH...
LISTEN CLOSELY,
THE TIME HAS COME
TO PUT THE FINAL
PART OF MY PLAN
INTO MOTION.
THIS IS WHERE I
NEED YOUR HELP, ODION.
I MUST HIDE MY IDENTITY.
EVERYONE SHALL THINK
YOU ARE ME.
AS FOR MYSELF,
THOSE FOOLS ALREADY
BELIEVE ME TO BE
A FRIEND NAMED NAMU.
I'LL GAIN
THEIR TRUST,
THEN CRUSH THEM
WITH THE WINGED
DRAGON OF RA!
I'LL KEEP BAKURA'S
MILLENNIUM RING,
AND I'LL ALSO
MAINTAIN
OCCASIONAL CONTROL
OVER TEA'S MIND.
♪ YOUR MOVE, YOUR MOVE,
YOUR MOVE, YOUR MOVE,
YOUR MOVE ♪
♪ YOUR MOVE ♪
♪ YU-GI-OH IS
KING OF GAME ♪
♪ IT'S TIME
TO D-D-D-D-D-DUEL ♪
FINALISTS AND GUESTS,
MAY I HAVE YOUR
ATTENTION, PLEASE?
THE SECOND DUEL OF THE BATTLE
CITY FINALS IS ABOUT TO BEGIN.
THAT'S RIGHT!
AND THE SELECTOR
WILL NOW RANDOMLY PICK
THE NEXT TWO DUELISTS!
REMEMBER YOUR NUMBERS.
IF YOU ARE SELECTED,
YOU'LL BE PARTICIPATING IN
THE SECOND DUEL OF THE FINALS!
AND THE FIRST DUELIST
CHOSEN IS NUMBER 2...
JOEY WHEELER!
Serenity:
AWESOME!
YEAH!
IT'S TIME TO KICK
SOME MAJOR BUTT!
AND MR. WHEELER'S
OPPONENT IN THIS DUEL IS
NUMBER 7--MARIK ISHTAR!
IT'S GO TIME!
Thinking: JOEY'S
FACING OFF AGAINST MARIK!
I'M SURE HE'S PLANNING
ON USING HIS MILLENNIUM ROD
TO WIN THIS DUEL,
SO JOEY'S GOT TO BE
READY FOR ANYTHING.
I HOPE YOU BROUGHT
A PARACHUTE
'CAUSE I'M BLASTING
YOU RIGHT OFF THIS BLIMP!
YOU GOT THAT, MARIK?
ALL RIGHT!
BOTH DUELISTS WILL NOW TAKE
THEIR PLACES IN THE ARENA.
ELEVATE THE FIELD!
Tristan: COME ON, JOEY!
THE WINNER OF THIS DUEL
WILL ADVANCE
TO THE NEXT ROUND OF
THE BATTLE CITY FINALS!
THE LOSER
WILL BE DISMISSED.
ALL RIGHT, GENTLEMEN.
IT'S TIME TO BEGIN.
SO IF YOU'LL PLEASE
TAKE YOUR PLACES
ON EITHER END
OF THE PLAYING FIELD,
WE CAN GET THIS DUEL
UNDERWAY.
[GROWLING]
Roland: UH, GENTLEMEN?
YEAH!
SHOW TATTOO-FACE WHAT
DUELING'S ALL ABOUT, JOEY!
WOW! JOEY LOOKS REALLY
FIRED UP TO DUEL MARIK!
OF COURSE, WHEN JOEY
GETS REALLY STEAMED,
HE TENDS TO SHOOT
HIS MOUTH OFF.
BUT HE BETTER WATCH
WHAT HE SAYS TO THIS GUY.
MARIK'S MEAN ENOUGH
WITHOUT JOEY'S LIP!
Thinking:
TRISTAN'S RIGHT.
JOEY'S GOT TO STAY
FOCUSED. AND STOP SHUFFLING
HIS DECK ALREADY!
[GROWLING]
I HOPE
THAT JOEY'S OK.
SERENITY!
I ALMOST FORGOT,
THIS IS YOUR
FIRST TIME SEEING YOUR
BROTHER DUEL, ISN'T IT?
THAT'S RIGHT.
WELL, I'M SURE WITH YOU
HERE CHEERING HIM ON,
THERE'S NO WAY HE'LL LOSE.
Roland:
LET'S GO, HUH?
YOU'VE SHUFFLED
ENOUGH CARDS
FOR 10 DUELS.
NOW BOTH
OF YOU TAKE
YOUR POSITIONS!
Thinking: I'LL MAKE
THIS WACKO WISH
HE NEVER TRIED
TO CONTROL MY NOGGIN!
YO! LISTEN UP,
YOU BALD-HEADED FREAK!
ACCORDING TO MY MATH,
YOU'RE GONNA BE ALL
WASHED UP IN 9 TURNS.
THAT'S IF YOU
CAN COUNT!
WHERE'D HE
COME UP
WITH 9?
Tristan: LOOK, WITH
JOEY YOU DON'T ASK.
MY BROTHER'S
SO AWESOME,
HE'S GOT THIS WHOLE
DUEL CALCULATED
IN HIS HEAD ALREADY.
THAT'S RIGHT, SERENITY.
YOU JUST KEEP BELIEVING
EVERYTHING HE SAYS.
Joey: THAT MUST BE
WHAT HE USED
TO CONTROL ME.
Thinking:
THE MILLENNIUM ROD!
I KNEW MARIK
WOULD USE IT
TO WIN THIS DUEL!
THAT COWARD CAN'T
WIN ON HIS OWN!
Joey: POINT THAT
THING SOMEWHERE ELSE
AND DUEL LIKE A MAN!
VERY WELL.
LOOK, MARIK...
DID YOU SAY,
"VERY WELL"?
Thinking: THAT'S A RELIEF.
MARIK MUST HAVE REALIZED
THAT JOEY'S MIND IS
TOO STRONG TO BE CONTROLLED.
THAT'S WHY
THE MILLENNIUM ROD
DIDN'T WORK LAST TIME!
Thinking:
LITTLE DO THEY KNOW
THAT ODION'S
MILLENNIUM ROD IS
MERELY A REPLICA OF
THE ORIGINAL ITEM
HELD BY ME.
THESE FOOLS
WILL NEVER SUSPECT
THAT I AM THE ONE
THEY FEAR AND DESPISE
SO GREATLY!
AND WHILE I HIDE
SAFELY IN THE SHADOWS,
ODION WILL FIGHT
MY BATTLES FOR ME.
BUT SOMETHING ELSE
CONCERNS ME.
IT'S SETO KAIBA
AND HIS ROLE
IN THIS STRUGGLE.
LITTLE YUGI
ISN'T THE ONLY ONE
STANDING BETWEEN ME
AND THE POWER
OF THE PHARAOH,
FOR THE ANCIENT TABLETS
ALSO DEPICT A SORCERER,
WHO BEARS A STRIKING
RESEMBLANCE TO KAIBA.
AND WHAT CONCERNS ME
EVEN MORE IS
WHAT APPEARS TO BE
MY MILLENNIUM ROD IN
THE HANDS OF THIS SORCERER!
SO I'LL KEEP AN EYE
ON HIM AS WELL.
AND BEFORE
THE FINALS ARE OVER,
KAIBA'S EGYPTIAN GOD CARD,
OBELISK
THE TORMENTOR,
WILL BELONG TO ME!
[LAUGHING]
KAIBA COULD NEVER COMPREHEND
THAT CARD'S POWER!
AND AS LONG
AS ODION CONTINUES
TO DECEIVE EVERYONE
INTO BELIEVING HE IS ME,
MY PLAN TO OBTAIN
THE TWO REMAINING
EGYPTIAN GOD CARDS
AND YUGI'S MILLENNIUM
PUZZLE SHOULD BE SIMPLE.
I'LL SHOW SETO KAIBA
WHAT TRUE POWER
IS ALL ABOUT.
HEY, SETO!
IF MARIK REALLY IS
THE LEADER OF
THE RARE HUNTERS,
HE MUST HAVE, LIKE,
A TON OF RARE CARDS
IN HIS DECK!
THERE'S ONLY ONE
CARD IN HIS DECK
I CARE ABOUT...
AND THAT'S HIS
EGYPTIAN GOD CARD--
THE WINGED DRAGON
OF RA.
AND HOPEFULLY
THAT HACK JOEY WHEELER
WILL LAST LONG ENOUGH
IN THIS DUEL
FOR ME TO SEE HOW
MARIK'S CARD WORKS
SO I CAN WIN IT
FOR MYSELF.
LISTEN TO ME, ODION!
IF YOU CAN'T DEFEAT THIS
PATHETIC FOOL--JOEY WHEELER,
THEN YOU DON'T STAND
A CHANCE AGAINST THE PHARAOH!
SO UNLESS
YOU'D LIKE TO TAKE
AN UNEXPECTED JOURNEY
TO THE SHADOW REALM,
I'D SUGGEST YOU REFRAIN
FROM DISAPPOINTING ME.
YES, MASTER MARIK.
I PLEDGE MY WORD
THAT I SHALL DEFEAT
THIS WORTHLESS OPPONENT.
LET'S DO THIS,
MARIK!
Thinking: IT'S TIME TO
DUEL AND DESTROY YOU!
GENTLEMEN, LET THE DUEL BEGIN!
PREPARE FOR DEFEAT.
DON'T COUNT
ON IT, MARIK!
I'M NOT
SCARED OF YOU!
I'LL START,
YA FREAK.
THAT'S RIGHT!
YOU DA MAN, JOEY!
SHOW THIS ROBED
WEIRDO WHO'S BOSS!
Duke Devlin:
YUGI, DID JOEY
EVER TAKE BACK
HIS RED-EYES
BLACK DRAGON
CARD?
MM-MM.
HE'LL BE ALL RIGHT.
COME ON, JOEY, YOU'VE
COME THIS FAR, MAN.
YOU CAN BEAT HIM!
YEAH, BUT I'LL BET
HE'S NEVER FACED
AN OPPONENT
AS UNPREDICTABLE
AS THIS GUY.
WELL, WE'VE ALL SEEN
THE KIND OF EVIL
MARIK'S CAPABLE OF,
AND IT'S PRETTY OBVIOUS
HE'S NOT TO BE TRUSTED.
Tristan: JOEY'S JUST GOT
TO KEEP HIS COOL.
Thinking: ALL RIGHT,
THIS IS IT.
I'VE WORKED
REALLY HARD TO GET
TO THE FINALS,
AND I CAN'T SCREW
THIS UP!
AND JUST THINK,
IF I DEFEAT
THIS EVIL NUTCASE,
I'LL BE A HERO!
I'LL HAVE
KNOCKED HIM OUT
OF THE COMPETITION
AND SAVED
THE WORLD. I'LL BE
FAMOUS, BABY.
[ALL GASP]
Duke Devlin: HEY, JOEY!
YOU MIGHT WANT TO
ACTUALLY HOLD ONTO YOUR
CARDS FOR THIS DUEL.
YOU GUYS,
HE NEEDS SUPPORT.
NICE CATCH,
BIG BROTHER!
Thinking:
NOTE TO SELF,
BEWARE OF
GUSTY WINDS!
WHAT WAS KAIBA
THINKING, HOLDING
A DUEL UP HERE?
Thinking: COME ON, JOEY.
STAY FOCUSED.
NOW, THEN,
WHERE WAS I?
ACTING
LIKE A FOOL!
THAT'S ENOUGH
OUT OF YOU, MARIK!
SO CHECK THIS OUT.
NOW I SUMMON
GEARFRIED
THE IRON KNIGHT
IN ATTACK MODE!
AH, NOW THIS IS
LOOKING LIKE A DUEL!
AND THERE'S
MORE WHERE
THAT CAME FROM.
NOW LET'S SEE
WHAT YOU'VE GOT,
TOUGH GUY.
I'M WAITING.
I'LL PLAY
TEMPLE OF THE KINGS--
A CARD LIKE NONE
YOU'VE EVER SEEN!
Joey:
WHAT'S GOING ON?
WHAT'S THE DEAL
WITH THAT
BUILDING, MARIK?
THE STRUCTURE
BEHIND ME IS
THE ANCIENT
TEMPLE OF THE KINGS.
WITHIN THIS
5,000-YEAR-OLD
SANCTUARY LIE
THE GREATEST TREASURES
OF THE KINGS OF EGYPT.
AND WHAT DOES
THAT BIG SHACK DO?
TO PROTECT
THE KINGS' TREASURE,
IT LIMITS THE NUMBER
OF MAGIC AND TRAP CARDS
YOU CAN PLAY IN ONE TURN.
AW, MAN!
AND IN FRONT
OF THE TEMPLE,
I'LL LAY TWO CARDS
FACEDOWN AS AN EXTRA
BOUNDARY OF PROTECTION.
AND WITH THIS MOVE
I END MY TURN.
SO TRY TO ATTACK ME
IF YOU DARE.
YOU HAVE NO IDEA
WHAT DANGER LURKS
WITHIN THESE TEMPLE WALLS.
MARIK HASN'T EVEN
SUMMONED ONE MONSTER!
ATTACK HIS
LIFE POINTS!
THAT'S STUPID.
OH, AND WHY'S THAT?
BECAUSE MARIK
PROBABLY WANTS
HIM TO ATTACK
SO HE CAN
ACTIVATE HIS
FACEDOWN CARDS
AND PUT
A SERIOUS
HURTING ON JOEY.
IT'S WAY TOO
RISKY, DUMMY.
GOOD POINT.
Thinking: JOEY DOES
NEED TO WATCH OUT
FOR MARIK'S
FACEDOWN CARDS,
BUT WHAT WORRIES ME EVEN MORE
IS MARIK'S EGYPTIAN TEMPLE.
WHO KNOWS
WHAT'S HIDING IN THERE?
Thinking: THESE FOOLS
HAVE NO IDEA
OF THE ANCIENT FURY
THAT AWAITS THEM!
I CAN'T LET HIM
SMELL MY FEAR.
STAY CALM, JOEY.
Serenity:
EVERYTHING
ALL RIGHT, JOEY?
Tristan: YOU LOOK
PRETTY SCARED, DUDE!
Thinking: THAT'S WHAT I
WAS AFRAID OF.
OK, IF I'M GONNA
BEAT THIS GUY,
I GOT TO PULL
MYSELF TOGETHER.
WHAT AM I
WORRIED ABOUT?
THAT TWO-BIT TEMPLE'S
GOT NOTHING ON
MY GIANT TRUNADE!
THIS CARD WILL GET
RID OF ALL HIS MAGIC
AND TRAP CARDS
SO I CAN TOTALLY
DISMANTLE HIS
TEMPLE OF THE KINGS.
Marik: WHAT'S THE DELAY?
DON'T YOU REALIZE THAT
NO MATTER WHAT YOU DO,
YOU'RE FINISHED,
MR. WHEELER?
SO MAKE YOUR MOVE.
I GOT MY PLAN
TO WIN THIS DUEL
ALL FIGURED OUT.
FIRST, I'LL SUMMON
A FEW MORE MONSTERS
TO BUILD UP
MY ATTACK POWER,
BUT I WON'T ATTACK.
THEN MARIK
WILL PROBABLY PLAY
A COUPLE MORE
FACEDOWN CARDS,
THINKING HE'S
GOT ME TRAPPED.
AND THAT'S WHEN
I'LL SPRING MY GIANT
TRUNADE ON HIM,
BLASTING AWAY
ALL HIS TRAP CARDS
AND REDUCING
HIS TEMPLE TO
A PILE OF RUBBLE!
AND FINALLY,
MY ARMY OF MONSTERS
WILL WIPE OUT
HIS LIFE POINTS!
[YELLING]
THAT EVIL FREAKSHOW
WON'T KNOW
WHAT HIT HIM.
SAY GOOD NIGHT,
MARIK!
I SUMMON
TINY GUARDIAN
IN ATTACK MODE!
[GROWLS]
AND THAT'S ALL
I'M GONNA DO FOR
NOW, CHROME DOME.
JOEY'S GOT TO ATTACK
HIM SOMETIME.
I'M SURE THAT
MY BIG BROTHER HAS
SOME KIND OF PLAN.
OBSERVE, YOU FOOL...
I PLACE TWO MORE CARDS
FACEDOWN ON THE FIELD,
AND NOW MY MOVE
IS COMPLETE.
NOW MARIK'S GOT
4 CARDS FACEDOWN.
THAT SPINELESS SNAKE
IS JUST GONNA SIT BACK
AND WAIT FOR JOEY
TO ATTACK HIM!
WHEN HE DOES, MARIK WILL
SPRING ONE OF HIS TRAPS.
IT'S THE OLDEST AND WIMPIEST
TRICK IN THE BOOK.
ALL RIGHT, CUE BALL,
TAKE THIS!
I SUMMON
HAYABUSA KNIGHT!
[SQUAWKS]
NOW I HAVE
ENOUGH MONSTERS
ON THE FIELD
TO WIPE OUT
HIS LIFE POINTS!
BUT FIRST I GOT TO
PLAY GIANT TRUNADE
AND CLEAR THE FIELD
OF ALL HIS MAGIC
AND TRAP CARDS.
IT'S TIME FOR ME
TO DEMOLISH
THAT ANCIENT
PALACE OF YOURS...
HMM?
WITH THIS!
I PLAY
GIANT TRUNADE!
YES!
MARIK WILL HAVE
NOTHING ON THE FIELD
TO PROTECT HIMSELF!
IT LOOKS LIKE JOEY'S
THE WINNER!
BEATING THIS GUY
WAS WAY EASIER
THEN I THOUGHT.
COME ON, TRUNADE,
BLOW HIS CARDS
OFF THE FIELD!
WHAT?!
WHY DID IT STOP?
YOUR CARDS SHOULD
HAVE BEEN HISTORY.
WHAT'S GOING ON?
YOUR GIANT TRUNADE
IS NO MORE.
AND YOUR TROUBLES
HAVE ONLY JUST BEGUN.
I DON'T GET
WHAT JUST HAPPENED
TO MY MAGIC CARD.
IT WAS SUPPOSED TO
GET RID OF EVERY CARD
YOU HAD ON THE FIELD.
WHAT'S THE DEAL?
WHEN YOU MADE
THE VERY FOOLISH
DECISION TO ACTIVATE
YOUR GIANT TRUNADE,
MR. WHEELER,
YOU IN TURN TRIGGERED
ONE OF THE MOST
DANGEROUS TRAPS
I'VE PLACED ON THE FIELD
TO PROTECT MYSELF.
IS THAT SO?
YES.
AND NOW IT'S TIME
FOR YOU TO PAY THE PRICE
FOR YOUR MISTAKE.
YOU SEE, WITH ALL OF
MY TRAP CARDS IN PLAY,
I KNEW YOU WOULDN'T
ATTACK ME WITH A MONSTER.
YOU'D TRY TO DESTROY
MY TRAPS WITH A MAGIC CARD.
OH. SO YOU PLAYED
A TRAP CARD THAT
DESTROYS MAGIC CARDS?
BUT THAT'S NOT
ALL THAT IT DOES.
THE TRAP YOU'VE
JUST TRIGGERED
IS ABOUT TO DEVASTATE
ALL OF YOUR MONSTERS
AND AN EXTREMELY
LARGE PORTION OF
YOUR LIFE POINTS.
SO PREPARE TO FEEL
ITS WRATH RIGHT NOW!
GO, JUDGMENT OF ANUBIS!
NEVER HAVE YOU
EXPERIENCED
A TRAP WITH A DESTRUCTIVE
FORCE SUCH AS THIS!
JUDGMENT OF ANUBIS
WILL NOW ANNIHILATE
EVERY MONSTER YOU
HAVE ON THE FIELD
AND DEDUCT HALF OF
THEIR ATTACK POINTS
FROM YOUR LIFE POINTS!
WHAT? NO WAY!
ANUBIS, DESTROY!
BUILDING UP YOUR ARMY
OF POWERFUL MONSTERS
WAS A GRAVE MISCALCULATION
BECAUSE THEY'RE
ABOUT TO DISAPPEAR
WITH MORE THAN 2,000
OF YOUR LIFE POINTS!
HEY! YOU JUST
WASTED MY BEST GUYS.
WHEN YOU SEE
THE HORRORS
THAT AWAIT YOU,
THOSE MONSTERS
WILL BE THE LAST THING
ON YOUR MIND.
BY THINKING HE
HAD THE DUEL WON,
JOEY FELL RIGHT INTO
MARIK'S TRAP.
THAT'S
RIGHT, TEA.
JOEY THOUGHT
BY NOT
ATTACKING
WITH MONSTERS,
HE WAS
SAFE FROM
MARIK'S TRAPS.
BUT THE TRICKIEST
AND MOST DANGEROUS
CARDS IN DUEL MONSTERS
ARE TRAP CARDS,
AND NOW MARIK'S FIELD
IS FULL OF THEM!
LET'S JUST HOPE JOEY
LEARNED HIS LESSON,
BECAUSE ONE MORE
MISTAKE LIKE THAT,
AND HE CAN KISS
THE FINALS GOOD-BYE!
AND HE'S COME TOO FAR
TO LOSE IT ALL TO A CREEP
WITH A BAD ATTITUDE,
NOT TO MENTION
A BAD HAIRDO.
IT'S MORE OF
A HAIR-DON'T.
Serenity:
MARIK IS TOUGH,
BUT YOU STILL
THINK JOEY CAN
WIN, RIGHT, GUYS?
YEAH...SURE.
Tristan: THINK HE CAN WIN?
I KNOW HE CAN, RIGHT, YUGE?
MM-HMM. DON'T
WORRY, SERENITY.
JOEY'S BEEN IN TOUGHER
SITUATIONS THAN THIS.
HE JUST NEEDS
A LITTLE SUPPORT FROM US,
AND HE'LL BE CRUSHING
MARIK IN NO TIME.
COME ON, JOEY!
YOU CAN DO IT!
Tristan: YEAH.
HANG IN THERE, MAN.
HAVE YOU REALIZED
YOU CAN'T WIN?
OR DO YOU WANT MORE
PUNISHMENT, MR. WHEELER?
I GOT YOU GOOD.
YOU MAY NOT
REALIZE THIS
BECAUSE YOUR
PONYTAIL'S
TIED TOO TIGHT,
BUT I FELL INTO
YOUR LITTLE TRAP
ON PURPOSE, MARIK!
YEAH, THAT'S
THE TICKET!
I WAS JUST TESTING
YOU TO SEE
IF YOUR DUELING
SKILLS WERE
ANY BETTER THAN
YOUR SENSE OF STYLE,
AND IT LOOKS LIKE
YOU PASSED MY EXAM.
NOW I'LL KICK
MY GAME UP A NOTCH
AND OPEN UP A BIG
TUB OF DUEL WHIP
ALL OVER YOU!
OK, HE HAS GOT
TO BE KIDDING ME.
I KNEW IT!
JOEY HAD THIS PLANNED
THE WHOLE TIME!
Thinking: WILL SOMEONE
PLEASE BUY THIS GIRL A CLUE?
I DON'T THINK MARIK'S
BUYING HIS STORY.
BUT YOU GOT TO GIVE
JOEY CREDIT
FOR STAYING STRONG
AND NEVER GIVING UP.
THE ONLY THING I GIVE
WHEELER CREDIT FOR
IS BEING ALL TALK.
ALL RIGHT, MARIK.
ENOUGH
STANDING AROUND.
LET'S FINISH
THIS DUEL.
YOU'RE IN QUITE
A RUSH TO LOSE.
NOW WATCH AS I PLACE
TWO MORE CARDS FACEDOWN.
AGAIN?
THAT ENDS MY TURN.
I'M GETTING REALLY
TIRED OF THIS.
YOU KNOW,
THEY CALL THIS
GAME DUEL MONSTERS
'CAUSE YOU'RE
SUPPOSED TO FIGHT
YOUR OPPONENT
WITH MONSTER CARDS,
NOT SPEND THE WHOLE
GAME HIDING
BEHIND YOUR
LITTLE TRAP CARDS
LIKE A COWARD.
IF YOU CAN FIND ME
THE RULE THAT FORBIDS
ME FROM PLAYING
TRAP CARDS,
I'LL STOP, MR. WHEELER.
[GROWLS]
THAT DOES IT, MARIK!
I GUESS IT'S TIME
FOR ME TO SHOW YOU
HOW THIS GAME
IS SUPPOSED
TO BE PLAYED--
WITH MONSTERS!
SO NOW I SUMMON
ALLIGATOR'S
SWORD
IN ATTACK MODE!
IF I ATTACK NOW,
MARIK'S DEFINITELY
GONNA COUNTERACT
MY MOVE
WITH ONE OF
HIS FACEDOWN CARDS.
AND I CAN'T AFFORD
TO LOSE ANY MORE
LIFE POINTS.
I'M WAITING. I THOUGHT THAT
YOU WERE GOING TO SHOW ME
HOW YOU'RE SUPPOSED
TO PLAY THIS GAME. GO ON.
IF I STRIKE,
HE'LL KNOCK
ME OUT OF THE FINALS!
WHAT DO I DO?
I'M GONNA LET YOU
OFF EASY, MARIK,
BY HOLDING BACK
MY ATTACK
AND PLAYING
THIS CARD FACEDOWN.
BACK TO YOU, BALDY.
Thinking: THAT'S A SMART
MOVE FOR NOW,
BUT HE'LL HAVE TO ATTACK
MARIK EVENTUALLY,
AND WHEN HE DOES,
HE COULD LOSE EVERYTHING.
JOEY NEEDS A STRATEGY.
OK. LET'S GO!
ACTUALLY, I CHOOSE
TO END MY TURN WITHOUT
MAKING ANY MOVE.
Thinking: WHAT? HE'S
SKIPPING HIS TURN?
HE'S TRYING TO FORCE
ME TO ATTACK HIM.
TWO CAN PLAY
AT THAT GAME,
SO I PASS, ALSO.
PERHAPS NOW I'LL DRAW
A CARD WORTH USING.
NO. THIS ONE
WON'T DO AT ALL.
I'LL PASS AGAIN.
ALL RIGHT, NOW THIS IS
GETTING OUT OF HAND, SETO.
IF NEITHER ONE OF
THEM PLAYS A CARD,
THIS IS GONNA BE A LONG
DUEL, AND BORING, TOO.
NO NEED TO WORRY
ABOUT THAT.
HUH?
KNOWING WHEELER'S
AMATEUR STYLE,
HE'LL CRACK LONG
BEFORE MARIK DOES.
YOU ASKED FOR IT!
OH, NO!
HEY, COME ON, JOEY.
DON'T ATTACK.
THAT'S EXACTLY WHAT HE
WANTS YOU TO DO.
ALL RIGHT!
YOU'RE NOT GONNA
KNOW WHAT HIT YOU!
HERE IT COMES RIGHT NOW!
I SUMMON ROCKET WARRIOR!
YOU ASKED FOR IT!
I DON'T CARE
HOW MANY TRAP CARDS
YOU GOT ON THE FIELD
'CAUSE I DIDN'T COME
TO THE FINALS TO WATCH!
I FOUGHT MY WAY HERE
TO DUEL LIKE A MAN
AND TO WIN THIS, MARIK.
NOW, ROCKET WARRIOR,
ATTACK HIS LIFE
POINTS DIRECTLY!
SEEK AND DESTROY!
JOEY, THIS IS
A BIG MISTAKE!
ACTIVATE TRAP CARD!
EYE OF UJAT!
NOW THAT THE EYE OF UJAT
APPEARS ON THE FRONT
OF YOUR ROCKET WARRIOR,
IT IS UNDER MY CONTROL,
AND I SHALL REDIRECT
ITS ATTACK TOWARD
ONE OF YOUR MONSTERS!
NO WAY.
ROCKET WARRIOR,
ATTACK HIS
ALLIGATOR'S SWORD.
I DON'T
THINK THAT'S
GONNA WORK!
I GOT A FACEDOWN
CARD, TOO!
ACTIVATE FAIRY BOX!
Thinking: WHAT'S THIS?
HE'S ACTIVATED A TRAP CARD
TO HIDE HIS MONSTER?
THANKS TO FAIRY BOX,
ROCKET WARRIOR'S PLAN
OF ATTACK HAS BEEN
SHORT-CIRCUITED!
TIME TO
PLAY PEEK-A-BOO!
ROCKET WARRIOR,
ATTACK AT ONCE!
SO MUCH FOR THAT.
I MISSED?
NYAH NYAH! I GUESS YOU
HAVEN'T HUNG OUT
IN THE ARCADE
IN A WHILE, HUH?
I'M ON TO YOUR
LITTLE GAME, MARIK,
AND I FOUND OUT
THE WEAKNESS OF
YOUR TRAP STRATEGY.
[ALL GASP]
YOU DON'T EVEN HAVE
ONE SINGLE MONSTER CARD,
JUST A DECK OVERLOADED
WITH TRAP CARDS, MARIK.
TALK ABOUT PUTTING
ALL YOUR EGGS
IN ONE BASKET,
YOU EGG-HEAD.
SO ONCE I CLEAR
THE FIELD OF
YOUR TRAP CARDS,
THERE'LL BE NOTHING
PROTECTING
YOUR LIFE POINTS.
THAT'S WHY
I'M JOEY WHEELER,
FUTURE BATTLE CITY
CHAMPION,
AND YOU'RE JUST
SOME UGLY BALD FREAK
WEARING A CAPE, RIGHT?
YOU CAN INSULT ME
ALL YOU WANT.
BUT THE TRUTH IS
YOU'VE ALREADY FALLEN INTO
ANOTHER ONE OF MY TRAPS.
WHAT?!
ENOUGH TALK, ODION!
FINISH HIM OFF
SO WE CAN MOVE
ON TO MORE
IMPORTANT MATTERS!
WHAT DO YOU MEAN,
I'VE FALLEN
INTO ANOTHER TRAP?
[CHUCKLES]
YOU'RE ABOUT TO SEE
WHAT I MEAN FIRSTHAND.
YOU SEE, WHILE I MAY
BE SHORT ON MONSTERS,
I POSSESS A TRAP CARD
THAT IS BOTH A TRAP
AND A MONSTER.
I THINK
THE BARBER CLIPPED
SOME OF YOUR BRAIN
WHEN HE WAS
CUTTING YOUR HAIR.
PREPARE TO EXPERIENCE
THE POWER OF AN EXTREMELY
RARE BREED OF CARD
THAT'S KNOWN
AS A TRAP-MONSTER!
BUT IS
THERE SUCH A CARD?
WELL, I'VE
NEVER HEARD OF IT.
NOT ONLY DO I POSSESS
A RARE TRAP-MONSTER CARD,
BUT WHEN YOU ATTACKED,
YOU ACTIVATED IT!
AND NOW FEEL THE RAGE
OF A CARD LIKE NONE
YOU'VE EVER SEEN BEFORE!
IT CAN'T BE!
IT IS!
THERE'S NO ESCAPING FROM
EMBODIMENT OF APOPHIS!
MY CARD ACTIVATES
LIKE A TRAP BUT ATTACKS
LIKE A MONSTER!
I'D SAY THIS CARD
DISPROVES
YOUR THEORY
ABOUT MY DECK
AND ITS WEAKNESS,
MR. WHEELER.
SO IT'S TRUE?
MARIK HAS A CARD
THAT DOES THE JOB
OF A TRAP AND A MONSTER
AT THE EXACT SAME TIME?
I GUESS SO, MAI,
BUT I'M WORRIED
ABOUT HOW
POWERFUL ITS
ATTACK STRENGTH IS.
IF THIS CARD IS
STRONG ENOUGH,
WELL, THEN
THIS COULD BE
THE END OF JOEY.
I'M AFRAID IT ONLY GETS
WORSE, MR. WHEELER.
YOU SEE,
YOU'VE TRIGGERED NOT ONE
BUT 3 OF MY APOPHIS CARDS.
AND NOW IT'S TIME FOR
YOU TO MEET YOUR DOOM.
COME FORTH, MY BEASTS!
WHAT AM I GONNA DO?
HE CAN ATTACK ME
WITH 3 MONSTERS.
THAT'S INSANE.
I MUST SAY
I'M IMPRESSED.
Thinking: THOSE
MONSTERS CAN WIPE OUT
HIS LIFE POINTS!
YOU CAN DO THIS, JOEY!
JUST BE STRONG!
YOU'RE AT THE END
OF YOUR ROPE,
MR. WHEELER.
NOW, THEN, FOR SOMEONE
WHO WAS SO VOCAL BEFORE,
YOU SEEM TO BE VERY SILENT.
PERHAPS YOU'VE REALIZED
THAT TALK DOESN'T WIN DUELS.
IT TAKES SKILL AND POWER.
AND AS SOON AS
MY 3 CREATURES ATTACK,
YOU'LL SEE EXACTLY
WHAT I MEAN!
YOU'RE FINISHED!
♪ YOUR MOVE ♪
♪ YU-GI-OH IS
KING OF GAME ♪